stored: systemtests: docs: checkpoints improvements (#1277)
bareos/bareos: docs/manuals/source/Appendix/Checkpoints.rst

.. _checkpoints-chapter:

Checkpoints
===========

> 

Reviewer: Usually, the information about files that were backed up in a job are stored into the database a the end of a successful job.
This results in the fact, that failed or cancelled jobs have no file information.
The data from this jobs cannot be recovered via the usual restore procedure.
Especially for very long running jobs with many files, this fact is unsatisfactory. 

To avoid this problem, the Checkpoints feature was introduced.

Checkpoints are a way to save the progress of a backup while it is running.

When a checkpoint is executed, the files that were successfully stored in the media at that point in time will be updated in the catalog database.

> Checkpoints happen after a certain amount of time set by the user using the :config:option:`storage/storage/CheckpointInterval` directive.

Reviewer: The suggested value for CheckPointInterval is between 1 to 30 Minutes.

Checkpoints also happen on volume changes. This means that when a volume is full, or the backup has to switch to writing to another volume for some other reason, a checkpoint is triggered saving what has been written to that volume.

> 

Reviewer: Based on the Checkpoints Feature, a resume of cancelled or broken Backupjobs is conceivable in the future.

The checkpoints feature is **disabled by default**.

Enabling/disabling the timed checkpoints means enabling/disabling the checkpoints on volume changes too.

> Checkpoints will not be executed if the running job uses spooling, even if the checkpoints are enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the functionality of Checkpoints does not make sense with the way that spooling works, checkpoints are not executed on jobs useing spooling, even if the checkpoints are enabled.
```
Maybe we should put this into info or warning box.
